Previously on Harrow...
A finger, severed.
I don't know. It looks
mechanically cut to me.
I mean, look at these ridges.
It is an orthopaedic plate.
We can look this up and find
out exactly who this guy is.
Who keeps the serial numbers on file?
You could track
down all of the ortho-surgeons
that worked here in the '90s.
Are you in trouble too?
The police are coming.
I know what they're looking for,
but it doesn't have to be
here when they arrive.
I want to check
if Harrow was working here
on October 3rd last year,
the date Robert Quinn
made his last phone call
and his car went into the dam.
These asterisks.
They're only there on this day.
October 3rd.
You guys had an outage late that night.
Dr Harrow phoned through all the times.
Dan, I'm so sorry. Jack has a DNR.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What a time you picked to go, Jack.
I know you said no confessions,
but someone is going
to have to hear this.
I wish it was you.
You might even get it.
You might even understand
why I had to do it.
The thing is, he...
Sorry, Jack.
I'm the only one rostered on.
Public holiday.
Murder-suicide.
Who declared death?
Paramedics.
They took off in a hurry.
Devlin.
You knew him?
Yes, blood specialist.
Good doctor.
So I suppose I can expect
someone from homicide.
Not sure when, though. Public holiday.
OK, well, I'll get these prepped.
You might have called first.
It's a holiday.
On the afternoon of October 3rd,
Quinn's phone received
a call from this number.
It's a public phone
booth located just...
Yeah, but we know where it is.
Quinn's mobile spent
just over two hours
in that area on the same night,
October 3rd.
-Yeah,
we know that too.
Then it heads out west,
it goes black...
And Quinn's car went into the dam.
What are you saying?
This area here
is within walking
distance to the Bettie.
This is the state's most
respected pathologist
you are talking about.
Jesus, Dass, this is your boyfriend.
Harrow has a solid alibi.
He was at Turbot Street October 3rd.
He didn't clock off until
3am the following day.
That's what his work log says.
OK, look, we've considered all of this.
But not this.
This is four days
before Quinn's bones were
pulled from the river.
And here.
That finger bone was cut
with a serrated blade.
These shears might be serrated.
Well, maybe. I mean, it's
beyond my poor bloody eyes.
What, have you seen these yourself?
No, but I've seen the kit on his boat.
He keeps it locked.
It's not enough, Sergeant.
Did a good job on that.
I really think you ought to sit down.
This isn't the hospital.
No, it's not.
It's the morgue.
Am I dead?
Well, everyone thought you were.
I'd say the impact of your fall
suppressed your heartbeat
long enough for the paramedics
to make the fair call
that you were dead.
It's Tom, isn't it?
I really think you ought to
let me call you an ambulance.
Be quiet.
Those broken bones...
You know my name.
Now, what's yours?
Please, let me call you an ambulance.
You're not going to save
my life. I don't want it.
What I want to know is...
What's your name?
-Daniel.
Daniel Harrow.
Yes.
Well, it's not all bad news, is it?
Do you know me?
Yeah, I know you.
Now I've just got to decide
whether I stick this
into your heart too.
I've told Nichols about this,
I've told Daniel's new
girlfriend about it and now you.
Why did you care about
Robert's wedding band?
When did you get it back?
I'm taking you off
the Christmas card list.
Do you remember when you
got it back? Which day?
No. Why do you care?
Was it late September,
or early October...?
Simon.
-Was it before or after
you reported Robert missing?
Wow. I know that Robert is dead
and I know that you have
his body in your morgue,
but this is very personal.
It's really personal to me too, Steph.
Why are you asking me this?
Why isn't Dan?
You have to trust me.
I'm trying to do the right thing here.
It's funny.
This doesn't even hurt one little bit.
I guess there is an upside
to falling five storeys.
The other is
it lets me reconnect
with the two people
that ruined everything.
Do you want me to guess
how you know me, Tom?
I want you to feel
like your whole life is
in someone else's hands.
This is Bill Devlin.
Haematologist.
A very good haematologist.
Why did you kill him?
Well, you're supposed to be
very good too, Dr Harrow.
Why don't you tell me?
Very well.
Single stab wound heading up
from under the sternum,
probably straight into
the right ventricle.
Likely died within a minute.
No sign of a struggle, no
other wounds that I can see.
Did you surprise him?
No, you were in his office.
So he knew you well
enough to let you in.
He knew me well enough.
Did you have a blood condition?
Did he misdiagnose you?
Is that why you killed yourself,
because you had nothing to lose?
My blood is just fine.
But you still had nothing to lose.
Because you already lost it.
Parent?
Child?
Your wife?
You lost your wife.
Very good, Dr Harrow.
I was in hospital on the third.
Robert hit me in the stomach...
..hard.
And it was hurting a lot and I
thought something was damaged
and they kept me in, did an MRI.
Broken rib.
-God, Steph, I...
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
-And the next day
they discharged me
and it was the day after that, I think,
I'm sure, that I found
it in the letterbox.
The fifth?
That was two days after
Robert's car was sunk.
You think it wasn't Robert
who put the ring in there?
What was your wife's name?
It wasn't Pinfold, I would
have remembered that.
Come on, Harrow.
You can do better than that.
If it was a misdiagnosis, you
would have tried to sue him.
And lost and appealed and lost again,
so that would have taken time.
Fatal disease.
Wilkie?
Wilkie, yes.
Karen.
-Katie.
Kept her surname.
Katie Wilkie, yes.
I did a post mortem.
Yeah, you did.
You agreed with him.
You agreed that this
great haematologist
could do nothing to help her.
Yes.
-You were wrong.
I wasn't wrong, no.
Katie Wilkie.
Your wife had two serious diseases.
Hemochromatosis and
HLH-Hemophagocytosis.
None of which should be fatal.
Iron in the blood. Anaemia.
Thousands of people
have these conditions.
Yes, but not together.
Devlin did everything...
Not enough.
He is supposed to be the best.
But did he do his best? No.
And what took him so long to
order a course of phlebotomies?
Or chemo, I don't know.
You stuck together, you and him.
You let him get away with
killing my wife. Admit it.
It... wasn't... like... that.
I'm sorry, Tom.
But Devlin was right.
Bullshit.
That's bullshit.
OK, Simon, what do you know?
I don't know what I know.
OK, well, what do you think?
Alright, well, do you want
to know what I'm thinking?
I'm thinking about all
the things that he did
from the very beginning.
When those bones first
came up from the river,
he said that the bones
had been in the river
for between two and four years.
Maybe he was just wrong.
When is he ever that wrong?
Why couldn't we find a
match on Quinn's DNA?
How hard did he try?
Compared to any other case?
You know again and
again all these steps,
all these little roadblocks.
I just accepted them.
You did too.
Then you found Quinn's car.
Harrow was at Turbot Street
the night the car went into the dam.
What?
OK, look, the servers went out
in the early hours of the fourth.
I checked Harrow's
work diary on the third.
Harrow didn't do any work on the third.
And I know all about
Quinn's wedding band,
that Steph got it back.
Except she thinks she got it back
after Quinn's car was dumped,
two whole days after.
There's an antique
surgeon kit in there.
I want to know if the set of
shears matches the finger bones.
What if they're missing?
-He dumped them?
Yeah, and what if they're not a match?
Then we were wrong.
How great would that be?
I have a key.
Me too.
OK, wait, wait, wait.
It shouldn't be us.
If this is going to happen,
we should do it properly.
You said you spoke to
Nichols. What does he say?
He said we needed something more.
OK, more. More, like what?
Why could we never find the
file on Quinn's orthotic plate?
You and Harrow went to
the hospital archives and...
Wait here.
Tom.
I'm sorry about your wife.
But Devlin was thorough and methodical.
Katie just had two
unfortunate genetic timebombs.
If she had one or the other,
she would have lived, but both?
It was just the hand
that she was dealt.
She died, but you don't have to.
Stay there.
No.
You have to let me pass you
so I can get you some help.
Stay back. Stay back.
Argh.
Tom.
-Argh.
Hang in there, Tom.
Hang in there.
I'm going to get some help.
Hey, Dan, it's me.
Simon was just here asking
about Robert's wedding band.
Dad, Simon and your girlfriend,
are on the Bettie.
They're arguing and it
looks really serious.
I'm at the Bettie.
You really need to tell
me about Robert Quinn.
Tom. Tom.
Stay with me, Tom.
Ambulance.
You ever seen anything
like this before?
Someone coming back from the dead?
No, I did read an interesting
published account
but it lacked the immediacy
of the real thing.
So, can we sit down, get a statement?
Do you mind if I just
finish cleaning myself up?
Sure.
-Thank you.
I threw them away.
Well, dropped them, anyway.
Upstream, in the river.
Why?
-You know why,
or you wouldn't be here.
I should have got rid of the lot.
Jack gave them to you.
And Soroya?
I don't know where she is.
Mrs Whittemore?
You're one of the police officers
who came here looking for...
whatever you were looking for.
Did you find it?
No, but I need to know
if someone else did.
Did you kill Robert Quinn?
Yes.
Why?
Because he hurt Steph?
No.
-Then why,
because he stole her from you?
No, no, no.
You know, for a while
I was happy for them.
For Steph, especially.
It was good to see her smile again.
And for a while, she and he
and Fern all seemed happy.
And I got on with my life.
So what happened?
A couple of years later,
you remember Fern went off
the rails, left home?
We thought it was a phase. It wasn't.
But about a year ago, Fern called me.
And she wanted to catch up.
I was so excited.
I got there about an hour early.
And then I saw it.
Suddenly, it all made sense.
I could have done a number of things.
I could have called Steph.
I could have called Nichols.
I could have waited until I had
a chance to speak to Fern.
Instead, I decided
to ask Quinn himself.
I used a payphone up the road.
Asked him to come for a visit.
I kept it light and breezy.
Why did you use the payphone?
Had you already decided
you were going to kill him?
No.
Though...
part of me might have been
thinking what he'd say.
What I'd do.
And then I heard him
knock and I said...
Come in, Robert.
And I said, "Drink?"
And he said...
Only if it's your good stuff.
So, this is where you live.
I suppose I'll have to get
something like this for me too.
Now that Steph has kicked us both out.
The only difference is I bought
the Bettie with my own money.
So that's what this is about.
Being hauled into the
headmaster's office
for a talking to about something
that's really none of your business.
I saw you with Fern today.
You were arguing.
On Water Street.
What was that about?
A watch of mine has gone missing.
And you know what she's like, so...
I figured she'd took
it to hock it or...
Bullshit.
Don't go calling me a liar, Dan.
She was terrified of you.
That wasn't about any watch.
That's what this has
been about, isn't it?
Her grades falling,
her quitting school,
her leaving home, her...
silence.
It's because she's terrified of you.
You should let this whole idea go.
But you won't, will you?
No. Not now.
What did you do to her?
Why don't you ask what she did to me?
Why don't you ask about the time
that she invited me swimming
when her Mum was out?
Or about the time she
walked into my office
pretending to have trouble
putting her necklace on?
Or about the time when she
accidentally walked in on me
when I was showering...
-I don't believe it.
Come on, Dan. She's a smart girl.
And she's so grown up.
She knew what she wanted.
Don't you dare blame her.
She was a child.
You molested her.
You abused my little girl.
How the fuck was it abuse?
She knew what she was doing. She knew.
And I knew she didn't want it to stop.
When did it end?
She turned 15.
Got a boyfriend, or...
or... realised what we were doing was...
Anyway, she said that
she was going to tell,
and I had to explain
to her that ex-coppers
don't really thrive in
the corrections system.
Nor do paedophiles.
So you threatened her?
-No, no, no. I didn't threaten her.
I simply told her...
that if she did tell anyone...
that I would cut her mother's
throat in front of her.
And then I would cut hers.
I think that's why she left home.
Always looking after her mum.
Such a good kid.
You know you shouldn't
have told me this.
It doesn't matter, Dan, 'cause
you're not going to tell anyone.
And don't worry about Steph and Fern.
I'll keep an eye on them for you.
You're a slippery bastard
now, aren't you?
Argh.
Stop.
-No.
You didn't stop, did you?
You should never have touched her.
She was just a child.
You could have called triple zero.
You could have told them what he did.
I know.
You could have claimed self-defence.
You might not have gone to jail.
It might not even have gone to trial.
I know.
But maybe it would have.
And now I knew Fern's secret.
Her hurt.
And I wanted to be there for her.
I couldn't face the
chance of being in jail,
if she needed me whenever she was...
whenever she was ready.
I wanted to be there for her...
so I got to work.
I knew of a construction site upriver
so I got the cement I needed.
And I knew a spot where
it was very unlikely
that any anchor would snag it.
I don't know what made me
cut off his wedding ring.
I just figured he didn't deserve it.
I got rid of his car.
I cleaned up here.
I went to work, created an alibi and...
then it was done.
Please don't look at me like that.
I haven't changed.
I'm still the same person.
Not to me.
Well, I'm not sorry I did it.
I'd do it all over again.
The only thing I'm sorry about
is lying to Soroya and lying to you.
I'm so glad I don't have to anymore.
Right.
Well, I've just got a few
things I need to do.
And, you should do
what you've got to do.
Harrow visited the surgeon's
widow. He left with a file.
He knew it would identify
the orthotic plate
found in the river bones as Quinn's.
No, I don't know where he is.
Yeah, yeah. I'm coming in now.
Hey, I've got to go into QIFM.
There's been some incident with Harrow.
Sergeant Dass?
What's going on, Bryan?
Yeah, Nichols here.
Put me through to Superintendent Khan.
I want to organise a search warrant.
Daniel,
I've just had a call from CIB.
Apparently you've left QIFM unattended.
Dad, where are you?
I'm really worried... for you.
I don't know what's going on.
I'm outside your work, OK?
At the back. Just...
I'll... I'll wait here.
Everything in his office,
including his computer.
Bryan...
Bryan.
You've known Daniel
Harrow as long as I have.
And you've been in this game
as long as I have, Max,
and you know very well that
normal can do abnormal.
Yeah, but Daniel is not normal.
No, he's not.
Maybe that's why he got
away with it for this long.
You know, I would trust
him with my life.
Do you really believe
he'd kill someone?
I really need to find out.
Sarge?
Fern.
Harrow. Harrow.
Stay right there, please.
Let's see your hands,
if you don't mind.
Hands, Harrow.
Let's see your hands, Harrow.
Before I ask you any questions,
I must tell you you have the
right to remain silent.
Daniel.
-Hey, it's OK.
That means you do not
have to say anything,
make any statement or
answer any questions
unless you wish to do so.
I imagine you have a few questions.
Why did you do it?
-Save it for the interview, Sergeant.
Detective Leichhardt.
Sarge, I'm looking at Dr Harrow's
pathology work register.
No entries on October 3rd.
Not a single autopsy processed.
A few weeks ago,
you visited the house of
Dr Anthony Whittemore.
Why?
Jack Twine was a friend
of the Whittemores.
I thought Milly should
know that he was ill.
Did you know he was the surgeon
who put that bone plate
in Quinn's wrist?
That makes sense.
Did you remove Quinn's file?
You make me sound very clever, Bryan.
We can wait for the
warrant, if you like.
Hi, Maxine. Er, this
parcel came for Harrow.
Thank you. Did you find Simon?
No, but I left a voicemail, so...
How can I help you, Bryan?
Is this yours?
Yes.
Pull it down, please.
Have you had a look inside?
We saw the security footage at Monte's
when Fern tried to sell it.
Can you open the box, please?
I don't think you're
going to need that.
Let's have a look, please.
That's not even bloody close,
is it? There's no serration.
They didn't cut that bone.
Leichhardt?
Sorry, Sarge. Dr
Pavich would like a word.
Bryan.
I'm kind of busy, Max.
We have a letter here for Harrow,
amongst Jack Twine's belongings.
It's dated October 4th last year.
What does it say?
It says, "Thank you so much
for spending the day with me"
"at Turbot Street yesterday."
"It was such a pleasure"
"to go through the old place"
"one last time," etcetera, etcetera.
4th of October?
Yeah, so that's what Harrow
was doing on the 3rd of October.
He was taking our old
boss through QIFM.
Can you put Leichhardt back on?
Say please.
Please.
Yeah, we phoned the old age home.
Visitor log confirms that Jack Twine
went out that day with Dr Harrow.
Righto. Get a copy of that letter.
Sure thing.
Well, you might have
mentioned that, Harrow.
Would have saved us a
little bit of trouble.
I, I guess I forgot.
Alright, let's clear out.
We'll chat later, Sergeant.
It's OK.
I can't believe this.
I can't believe any of this.
What's going on? Fern
said you'd been arrested.
Maxine's beside herself.
Are you OK?
It was just a misunderstanding.
Do you know what happened to Robert?
I wish I could tell you.
You know, you should get
arrested more often.
This room has not looked
this tidy in years.
I'm surprised Fairly hasn't moved in.
Why do you think I'm here?
Stop him sneaking in and laying claim.
You know, I got him to finish
the autopsy on Bill Devlin.
He was a good haematologist.
And Tom?
Intensive care.
If he lives,
I guess you saved his life
to spend it behind bars.
Are you OK?
Yes. Yes, I'm fine.
And you?
-I'm not a happy camper.
Simon's meant to be on call.
I don't know where he is.
You turn up and all hell breaks loose.
I have a $3,000 glass door
to deal with, and I...
I'm furious with Bryan.
He was just doing his job.
And Dass?
Don't be mad at her, either.
I had to open this.
I figured if anyone had
anything worth drinking,
it would be Jack.
I'm glad that you did.
I suppose he forgot to post that.
Yes, I... I guess
he was getting old.
To Jack.
You brought Fairly in on
a public holiday. Why?
Have you decided about Geneva?
I'm not going to Geneva.
But?
-We will talk about that tomorrow.
I see you're no longer in custody.
No.
Look, I-I'll tell you this now.
That has got to stop.
When you're boss.
When I'm boss.
What, no amusing riposte?
No.
Not today.
Well, I am sorry that
you can't do this.
I know that you very
much would like to.
He's in good hands.
His nursing home doctor
was right to order the PM.
I got his bloods back.
Oxycodone overdose.
Enough to kill a horse.
Must have been stockpiling pills.
Look... why don't I give
you a minute with him and...
I'll do the internals later.
Pavich is looking for you.
I've been out.
There's a pair of shears
in my Mathieu de Paris surgeon's kit.
Those shears are by Coxeter of England,
a complete mismatch.
I know of only one complete
Coxeter kit in the country.
The School of Anatomy.
It's not complete anymore.
You fool. You shouldn't
have interfered.
You should have rung the police.
You knew what was
the right thing to do.
I did.
You made your choice and so did I.
I just wanted to know the
truth, and I found it.
Isn't that what you always
taught me, to find out why?
But now you've gambled with your
career and you shouldn't have.
You're too good a pathologist.
Say that again.
And now we're in it together.
So don't lie to me again.
It was you, wasn't it?
I wanted to tell you.
I wanted to tell you everything.
I wanted to tell you
I know what he did.
You should have told someone.
I was so scared.
He said he'd hurt Mum.
And I knew he would.
I'm... I'm so sorry about everything.
No, no. None of this was your fault.
None of it.
Does Mum know?
What should I do, Dad?
Whatever you want.
Whatever you choose...
I'll be here.
Bora Bora?
No.
Not tonight.
I love you, bub.
Bye, Dad.
Hi.
Hi. You OK?
No.
You want to come over?
I don't think I can.
Goodbye, Daniel.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org